what is up YouTube
it is a Ricky Bobby baby and today we're
back in destiny and now I know we're all
trying to rank up with eros and get
Cronus bein ranked and it can be rather
daunting to say the least I mean she
doesn't have that many bounties and what
she does they're kind of weird so the
only thing you can do pretty much is do
those every day just make sure you do
those every single day and I found the
easiest way to do these is with this
mission right here it's called the dark
beyond it is on the moon it's a level 6
mission but if you turn on the heroic
modifier 2 9 you will get more enemies
and there's some elites in here there's
acolytes there's wizards but most
importantly there's a bunch of thralls
and it's a super simple mission it's a
great way to knock out these bounties
it's a great way to knock out other
bounties too like if you have to get
melee kills or kill 20 enemies without
getting damaged by them super easy to do
you just run over to the body there's a
cutscene and there's all these hives and
it's perfect for like if you need to get
precision kills with a throwing knife
and it's just super super fun and easy a
really chill way to get some get some
Vanguard wrap get some crotas bane wrap
I've spent a lot of time on this mission
I mean when your unicorn enthralls
all fucking day you got to make it as
easy as possible on yourself you know
but I'm loving this so far I am loving
the dark below in this update it is
great I hope you all enjoyed the video
if you did be sure to rate comment and
subscribe for more shake and make and I
will see you dudes later with some more
looting stuff bye
you